FAIRDOM will establish a support and service network for the ERASysAPP projects. We will serve projects from ERASysAPP and beyond in standardising, managing and disseminating data and models in a FAIR manner: Findably, Accessibly, Interoperably and Reusably.

FAIRDOM builds on the outcomes of the successful SysMO-DB and SyBIT data management projects, uniting their tool&database development as well as their experience serving large systems biology projects. It is funded in a collaboration of ERASysAPP and BBSRC. We intend to work closely together with ISBE, the Infrastructure for Systems Biology in Europe. Two members of our consortium are also active in ISBE.

Interacting with the projects we serve is key. Already during proposal phase we gave webinars and consulted with aspiring ERASysAPP projects in order to answer their questions with respect to data management, as well as collecting requirements for serving them if they get funded.

Together with the ERASysAPP projects as well as other users and the community, we will work on accomplishing the following goals:
1. Establishing a support and service network for ERASysAPP. We will host the EuroSEEK resource, a repository assuring FAIR data and models: Findable, Accessible, Interoperable and Reusable systems biology data and models. Also projects outside ERASysAPP are invited to use the EuroSEEK FAIR resource.
2. Establishing a sustainable European Infrastructure to extend the network services to the wider European systems biology community.
3. Developing the necessary toolset and set up a adata and model management platform for systems biology projects: We will merge the successful platform SEEK and openBIS into openSEEK.
4. Document and disseminate the outcomes and activities to funding agencies, projects and centres with the goal of establishing a sustainable business model for this infrastructure.

FAIRDOM project is comprised of five partner institutions from four countries:
Goble group at Uni Manchester, UK (Coordination)
Müller group at HITS, Germany
Kunszt/Rinn groups at Uni Zürich/ETH Zürich, Switzerland,
Wolstencroft group at Uni Leiden, Netherlands. 
